<!--- -*- eval: (auto-fill-mode); fill-column: 70; -*- -->

Happy Cosmos
============

These are the source codes of my personal website.  The online version
can be accessed at <http://happy-cosmos.comuf.com/>.

Blog
----

The current version of blog is just an XML parser.
`blog/selectblog.php` selects source (feed) from a MySQL database, and
`blog/getblog.php` render it dynamically using AJAX.  There are plans
to combine multiple sources and to add my own blog codes in the
future.  Notice that `blog/connect-database.php` has been removed from
repo because of security issue.

Message Board
-------------

Message board is under construction.  I run into a problem and need
some **help**.

To see the problem, please go to [this
page](http://happy-cosmos.comuf.com/contact.php).  You will see two
subjects in my message board.  Click the `Comments` links to unfold
the comments.  If you unfold the first subject and (try to) post a new
comment by clicking the `Post Comment` button, the page will show a
message just below the button that tell you "comment has been
submitted".  After reloading the page, unfold the second subject this
time.  Try to do the same thing, to click the `Post Comment` button,
but the message won't show up.

I suspect there is something wrong in my codes binding a function to
the button, which is done in `msgbrd/msgbrd.js`.  The subjects along
with their comments are generated by `retrieve_messages` function in
`msgbrd/config-msgbrd.php`.

If you know something about jQuery, please help me out.  I would
really appreciate it if someone could help me resolve this problem.
